chore(gen): review tutorials MTA-5002 (#3680)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/create-models-django/index.mdx

        'polls',
    ]
    ```

> 5. Run `makemigrations` to indicate Django that you've made some changes to your models:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run `makemigrations` to indicate Django that you have made some changes to your models:
```

    <Question: What's your name?>
    ```

> ## Making the application visible in the Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Making the application visible in the console
```
